What's new 10/10: PathPoint (#18918)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/whats-new/2024/10/whats-new-10-10-pathpoint.md

---

> title: 'Connect telemetry to business KPIs with New Relic Pathpoint'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'New Relic Pathpoint connects telemetry to business KPIs '
```

summary: 'Get a strategic view of how your system performance impacts real-world business outcomes'
releaseDate: '2024-10-10'
learnMoreLink: 'https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/business-observability/install-pathpoint/'
getStartedLink: 'https://onenr.io/0oQDP60y7Qy'
---

> New Relic has released a new version of Pathpoint, built on an entirely new code base featuring significant enhancements and AI capabilities. First introduced in January 2024, this version offers deeper business insights with a unique journey flow layout that visualizes stages, steps, and signals to create a shared understanding of business health for both frontline teams like customer support and higher-level stakeholders such as product managers, business analysts, and C-level executives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic has released a new version of Pathpoint, built on an entirely new code base that features significant enhancements and AI capabilities. First introduced in January 2024, this version offers deeper business insights with a unique journey flow layout that visualizes stages, steps, and signals to create a shared understanding of business health for both frontline teams like customer support and higher-level stakeholders such as product managers, business analysts, and C-level executives.
```

Reviewer: The original copy was a good start but it was a bit abstract and vague. I've made some changes and broken up the complex ideas to its more parseable. Let me know if you want to change anything about the updated copy.

New features include:

* **Intuitive UX:** No-code, entity-centric UX that allows you to instantly add any signal, alert, and service levels to your business flows to simplify business analysis (no need for custom NRQL).
* **Multiple journey modeling:** The ability to model multiple business journeys per instance for deeper insights in complex environments.

> * **Playback mode:** Instantly track the state of your business stages over time for proactive issue resolution and to track improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Playback mode:** Track improvements and the state of your business stages over time so you can more proactively resolve issues.
```

> * **Import/export with audit trails:** Easily move journeys between instances with an audit log for less toil and better version control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Import and export with audit trails:** Easily move journeys between instances with an audit log for less toil and better version control.
```

* **Automatically identify instrumentation gaps:** Close blind spots and have a more complete view of your digital business processes.

> * **AI-Driven Insights:** Fully integrated AI alerting and anomaly detection for real-time insights and fast root cause analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **AI driven Insights:** Fully integrated AI alerting and anomaly detection for real-time insights and fast root cause analysis.
```

Reviewer: Is this AI as in genAI, or are we referring to applied intelligence here? I'm asking because it's occurring in a statement about alerts and anomaly detection
